#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   nbsphinx
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
latexcodec==3.0.0
    # via pybtex
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via nbsphinx
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
nbsphinx==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.3
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.16.0
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via jupyter-client
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via pybtex
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via jupyter-client
readthedocs-sphinx-search==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.21.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbsphinx
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-gallery
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
sphinx-book-theme==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-gallery==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4.1
    # via jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   nbsphinx
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
